

https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/81829670/116125961-17d2e580-a694-11eb-9b95-e38712465f8c.mp4

# CIS1051-FinalProject
Final Project for CIS 1051 in Python

## Project Outcome
I believe I accomplished what I wanted to get done with this project. I completed my task of creating a BlackJack game where the user plays against the dealer. I also was able to incorporate a form of using fake, virtual currency to bet on when playing. Unfortunately, I was unable to meet my goal of incorporating the options of splitting or doubling down on a hand as I struggled to find a way that would make it work in my code. Also, I was unable to keep the balance of money from hand to hand, instead I made it so that after each hand the user just resets with 1000 chips. I used some online resources such as the python website and a video to help me get ideas on how to go about building my code. I didn't copy their work, but I used some of their ideas to build my code and I made sure that it was my own work. I learned new tricks within coding from these resources such as the keyword "global" followed by playing which allows modifications of certain variables. This helped me be able to have the computer auto play the dealer. I struggled with value checking to ensure that only the right information could be entered so I learned about using "except ValueError" which is used to check if the value is appropriate even if the data type is correct. I learned some new things when constructing my project and they became important aspects of how I formulated my code. I enjoyed working on my code for the most part until I would get frustrated because I would be stuck and have to refer to Runestone or the Python website. I was very pleased with the outcome of my project and I enjoy playing BlackJack so I even played it for my own amusement. 
